## Research Activity Results
We found that Amazon users, across the board, valued ease, speed, and quality. Ease and speed came from fast buying and shipping, and quality came from the products themselves. Users usually had a product in mind that they wanted to purchase, such as purple sweatpants; however, they did not have a specific product already chosen, such as the Hanes Women's EcoSmart Open Bottom Leg Sweatpants. They searched up their general product in the search bar, scrolled through the results page until they found a suitable product, clicked into the product, read the reviews, and maybe added to cart and purchased. Additionally, our interviews determined common pain points for the user, such as the UX being too cluttered with ads and hard to navigate, or reviews being hard to trust.

## Implications of Research/Why It is Important
Our research results informed the development of our prototypes and generated potential design solutions to increase sales for Amazon/sponsored content while providing an intuitive shopping experience for users. Given that a lot of interviewees reported that they share an Amazon Prime account with others, we included a feature for multiple users to create their own user profiles. This would benefit users because they would more easily find only what they were interested in, and benefit Amazon and its advertisers because of a higher hit rate on personalized ads. Our research also showed that users would appreciate it if they could mark items that are currently out of stock and receive notifications once they are back to stock. This potentially increases the amount of returning customers, benefiting the company while providing a more relaxed shopping experience for users. In general, finding a balance between advertisements and relevant content is a key factor in website design and can be generated based on user research. 

## Product Qualities Being Tested
Our team chose to focus on subtle aspects of redesign that would benefit the user as well as Amazon and advertisement-associated companies. Our prototypes reorganized the layout of information, reduced the number of overwhelming factors (more relevant product suggestion categories, more relevant search categories and filters, and more minimalistic design), and added a few functions to cater towards users. 
### Home Page
> One prototype feature is the implementation of a larger search bar on the home page. Based on user feedback, this is the first step most people take when opening Amazon.com. Thus, rather than displaying product suggestions that clutter the main screen, we centered and enlarged the search bar. In addition, we cleaned up the top category bar to reflect the best selling categories in order to reduce clutter and make users feel less overwhelmed. 

### Product Results Page
> One of the main changes on the search page was moving the ads to a left column and moving sponsored products further down the search page, such that the first few products that users saw were unsponsored. This was to combat users feeling frustrated by unrelated ads and sponsored products that appeared in the first few results of the search page. To address users feeling overwhelmed by the plethora of filters possible, the filters were moved to a separate bar above the search results, such that the main filters (size, color, and pattern) appeared first and the rest of the filters appeared in a drop-down menu.

### Individual Product Page
> One main complaint in terms of the product page was a lack of clarity when items were sold out. We decided to add a function that allows users to input an email address to be contacted when a sold out item was restocked in a particular color and size, as well as add sold out items to personalized lists, which notified users when items were restocked. In addition, our interviewees expressed that they primarily utilized the customer review photo feature of Amazon reviews when deciding to purchase a product. Thus, we moved this feature to below the company product photo. We relocated ads to a vertical side placement rather than occupying horizontal space that interfered with linear scrolling.

## Why These Product Qualities Are Important
It is pivotal to test these new ideas for product qualities, because our users tend to be frequent shoppers on Amazon. Thus, even small changes to the interface may have a very noticeable impact for users. Hence, the testing of a prototype will allow us to hone in our redesign elements to best serve the needs of the user, while also minimizing the negative impact created by making changes to a well-known interface. Through prototype testing, we will also be able to learn if our overall interpretation of user needs and design requirements is an accurate evaluation.  


