# Summary
## Anticipated User Population
The anticipated user population will be anyone who has reliable internet access and is interested in online shopping. In addition, users who have busy schedules, high workload, lack of efficient transportation, and far commute times are likely more dependent on online shopping with quick and free delivery. Studies have found that 81% of the Amazon Prime demographic (as of June 2020) consisted of ages 18-34 ([Statista.com, 2020](https://www.statista.com/statistics/304940/amazon-prime-us-age-distribution/)). The user population may be segmented by age based on the types of products they may be most interested in. For example, college-aged shoppers may be more interested in textbooks or technology products, while new parents may be more interested in baby products or home appliances. However, for the purposes of our interviews and product development, we are focusing on the college-aged cohort that shops online.  

## Anticipated Average User
According to an [independent study](https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/shopping/2018/01/19/how-often-do-prime-members-buy-from-amazon/109596624/) by Feedvisor (conducted on a population of 1,500 Amazon users), 85% of Prime members browse Amazon.com at least once a week, and 45% make a purchase at least once a week. Based on the marketing and advertising of the purpose of Amazon Prime, we infer that, rather than window shopping/browsing, users are often looking for a specific product or products with the influence of fast and free shipping. Many [sources](https://www.sellbrite.com/blog/amazon-product-categories/) have reported the top selling product categories to be technology, games/toys, books, clothing/beauty, and home/kitchen (in order from highest to lowest selling). In terms of convenience, users likely prefer Amazon compared to brick and mortar shopping due to the ease of browsing and ordering from any location, but primarily from the comfort of their own homes. The fast and free shipping allows for products to arrive in 1-2 days which is also a high selling point.  

Based on the research shown above, we created our persona Jessica, a female college student, based on these statistics and inferences. She shares her student Prime account with her family, purchases goods for her less tech-savvy parents, and buys a variety of goods from technology, to textbooks, to household and family products. Her hobbies include going to the beach and playing soccer.

## Planned Research Activity
The planned research activity includes conducting five interviews with Amazon’s users. Our sample pool consists of University of California, Los Angeles students enrolled in an introductory user experience class. The questions in the interviews will address the research questions of the research protocol as well as five additional topics including general usage, functionality, competitors, reviews, and potential improvements. The goal of these interviews is to investigate how real-life users interact with the product and to develop an improved user interface and experience for future users of Amazon.  

## Study Goals
This study will help us understand users’ goals and needs when using the online shopping platform Amazon. We will gain a deeper understanding of why, when, and how the users shop on Amazon. Furthermore, the study will give us insight on which aspects of our product are working for users and which aspects need to be improved upon. Moreover, these improvements will be addressed by the creation of our prototype.  
